Docs: Update alerting notifications documentation (#93944)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/configure-roles/index.md

1. Hover your mouse cursor over a folder and click **Go to folder**.
1. Click **Manage permissions** from the Folder actions menu.
1. Update or add permissions as required.

## Manage access using contact point permissions

> Available only when feature flag `alertingApiServer` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> You can extend or limit the access provided by a role to contact points by assigning permissions to individual contact point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend or limit the access provided by a role to contact points by assigning permissions to individual contact point.
```

> You can extend or limit the access provided by a role to contact points by assigning permissions to individual contact point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend or limit the access provided by a role to contact points by assigning permissions to an individual contact point.
```

This allows different users, teams, or service accounts to have customized access to read or modify specific contact points.

> 

Reviewer: ## Before you begin

- Enable the `alertingApiServer` feature toggle.

> Refer to the following table for details on the additional access provided by contact point permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following table for details on the additional access provided by contact point permissions.
```

| Folder permission | Additional Access                                                                                                                            |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | View              | Ability to view and export contact point as well as select it in Alert rule edit page                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| View              | View and export contact point as well as select it on the Alert rule edit page                                                        |
```

> | View              | Ability to view and export contact point as well as select it in Alert rule edit page                                                        |
> | Edit              | Update or delete the contact point                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| View              | Ability to view and export contact point as well as select it in Alert rule edit page.                                                        |
| Edit              | Update or delete the contact point.                                                                                                           |
```

> | Admin             | Same additional access as Edit and manage permissions for the contact point. User should have additional permissions to read users and teams |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Admin             | Same additional access as Edit and manage permissions for the contact point. User should have additional permissions to read users and teams. |
```

> 

Reviewer: ### Steps

> To contact point permissions, complete the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update contact point permissions, complete the following steps.
```

> 

Reviewer: this is only for admins right? or can other users change permissions? isn't there some rule that you can edit if you created the contact point, too?

Author: This is for all users who can administer a contact point. Basic "Admin" role can do that for all. User that creates a new contact point is automatically granted admin permissions to it, and therefore that user can grant admin permissions to other users\teams
